Gwenevere Abriel: Is Gabriel, Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check on audio and video, make sure we've got good Wi Fi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection. Hi.
Gabriel Lara: Let me grab a lamp real quick. It's a little
Gwenevere Abriel: You take your time. I've got to open a note anyway.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm opening up a note reviewing your goals while you're setting up
Gwenevere Abriel: And where am I finding you this morning hotel home out of town. Are you at your home.
Oh,
Gabriel Lara: Everyone that a
Gabriel Lara: Quarantine for lack of a better word.
Gwenevere Abriel: In their home with you though.
Gabriel Lara: My family. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, all right. Um, thank you for checking in early that helped me sort of coordinate my day and see who's going to be here. Thank you for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it has been, I think, since about February 26 that we met. I think for individual I can double check. But bottom line. Let's take a peek at your goals. See how you assess how you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got a couple of primary goals which sort of are steering the substance use portion of our work together and you you phrase it. I want to eliminate my addiction to drugs and alcohol. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like I wrote a little note.
Gwenevere Abriel: February.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well this one had to do it, attending group, which I think you've
Gwenevere Abriel: Attended consistently so
Gwenevere Abriel: you're attending bi weekly at this point for weekly
Gabriel Lara: For
Gabriel Lara: group therapy group, a group of people
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to take a look about in a minute. But what how many milligrams. Are you at currently with the buprenorphine.
Gabriel Lara: 168
Gwenevere Abriel: So you do not know the milligram translation of that.
Gabriel Lara: I don't know the chart in front of me. No, I didn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me see if I can know really want to visit with strips is to come, located
Gwenevere Abriel: Rather go milligrams, because that's sort of a universal
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just organized myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's harder to find.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you know my desktop.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some I'll keep it on the ghost hope, frankly, okay, you said one and six, eight looks like 14 milligrams. He said, one in six eight
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll share that with you as you can kind of cross check
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you see it the same way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm looking right in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now these strips themselves are about the eight milligram strips.
Gwenevere Abriel: That right
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's like 14 milligrams right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay cool 14 it is
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'll keep that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty handy.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, it looks like it's one milligram for
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds right. So it's an eight milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense. So it looks like in January. There was a little note client open to take her into 15 and now you're 14, are you, are you happy with the rate that you're tapering is this acceptable.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah. Well, I started taking my medication differently. So they taking it at the same time every day before I will be talking about taking in the yard.
Yes.
Gabriel Lara: Now,
Gabriel Lara: I was Pacific time. Which reminds me to go take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you say here, and let's be really clear. Did the bottle ever say that
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gabriel Lara: But it didn't say anything. Not that whenever I had a craving that I should take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now you realize, and I know that was discussed in groups, but that's actually I'm self medicating and it mimics addictive behavior. The same way you may have reached for a short acting opiate so we want to extinguish that behavior. Now you have a new understanding of it.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, yeah, we got a group
Gwenevere Abriel: Which are you taking it in the morning consistently makes a big difference.
Gabriel Lara: Well,
Gabriel Lara: It depends. Sometimes I wake up and take it like at eight in the morning, my body would wake me up on its own.
Gabriel Lara: Sometimes, oh, you know, wake up around 839 I'll take it. Then so around that time as well let me know that I would take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out an hour, hour and a half. That seems like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty consistent time and do you wake up in any any withdrawal symptoms even even minor ones.
Gabriel Lara: In the morning and you know as a for I get up in the morning.
Gabriel Lara: Normal so
Gabriel Lara: It just really, you know, I've kind of taken aback like my cup of coffee in the morning, kinda like to to go and you know just started for the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I noticed your body kind of bouncing up and down for you. This gives you energy
Gabriel Lara: Kelly gets me going. And gets my mind right
Gabriel Lara: In the right direction.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it typically in the morning. What do you notice
Gabriel Lara: Just that I you know I tell myself. Okay, it's gonna be a good day.
Gabriel Lara: It gives me
Gabriel Lara: an optimistic outlook for today.
Gwenevere Abriel: You liken it much like to the coffee.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have not had it yet. This morning, or you have
Gabriel Lara: No, I haven't.
Gabriel Lara: Run and grab it real quick. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: As long as, are you able to talk a little while now. You know what I just saw something that's going to do a disservice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember the doctor says, you might not be getting the full dose you're drinking coffee. Now that is going to mess with the absorption, you might want to tell your doctor that you're not gonna get the full dose.
Gabriel Lara: I haven't taken
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I don't. What did I just say
Gabriel Lara: That I'm that
Gabriel Lara: I'm not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I'm not sure why your response that's confusing.
Gabriel Lara: Well, because
Gabriel Lara: I actually like seven to the other room so I can take it. And you said no. And then you said, Wait, you're drinking coffee. You're not supposed to be drinking wine ticket.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gabriel Lara: Think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I didn't say that it's recording. That's, that's what's nice about this. But let's start from scratch.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm bringing this topic up. Did you hear me say I'm concerned, you're not getting the full dose. Did you hear that
Gabriel Lara: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do you know why.
Gabriel Lara: Because he said that I'm drinking coffee and taking it, but I haven't taken
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I didn't say that.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't get to finish because you had interrupted me
Gabriel Lara: What I do ask me what he said. He said, Well, what did they say
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, hang in there. And here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, Oh, you're drinking coffee and I didn't get to say this part because I got interrupted. What I'm hearing to the doctor is if we eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're gonna you're gonna do it anyway. And I know
Gabriel Lara: That I'm taking my medication. This morning, more than once.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here, here's what I'm going to do. You've made up your mind that you know what I'm thinking you're already taking action on it. If you haven't heard me yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: You still haven't heard it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one. My intention is to make sure you are getting your full dose, which doesn't seem like that's a good thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So number one, don't hold on to that number two. I want to finish my sentence before you say anything so that you can actually hear what I haven't been able to spit out yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I've heard from Dr Arielle and from Dr. Solomon is I don't know the exact time frame. But what they discourage is that people drink anything or eat anything cry. You're I think it's 15 minutes. I can't remember exactly what it is to ingestion of the buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prior, that's what I'm observing. Okay, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until. But notice, this isn't the first time we've been here. Notice how it you felt something else, even though the intentions were good to make sure you're benefiting from this medicine completely notice what happened and then right. How did you feel in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy. Probably not. Come on, you can do it in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are important pieces.
Gabriel Lara: What just
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, not a story, an actual emotion like happy, sad, angry irritated frustrated jealous disgusted.
Gwenevere Abriel: frustrated when you would know. I don't know. Are you frustrated
Gabriel Lara: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what belief about me. What assumption about me may have gotten in the way of a fluid nice flow of nice back and forth. Do you know how it got frustrated
Gabriel Lara: I just feel whatever I say something you always like
Gabriel Lara: Water like me like I'm doing something wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. So that's then so that thought she's jumping at me again. I'm doing something wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you have a feeling of frustrated
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that makes sense. I can see how my way of focusing on language and gesture and these things. Yes, I can definitely see that that very logical. I can see how you came to that conclusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: WHAT PART DID YOU PLAY IN THIS WOULD SAY
Gwenevere Abriel: So I addressed right now you're drinking it or I dress behavior and I focus on language, a lot like I'll say, Well, no, that's not quite. It is that is that the focus really on the said this was not said that kind of thing. WHAT WHAT PART DID YOU PLAY IN THIS WOULD YOU SAY
Gabriel Lara: Maybe let you finish what you had to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and now my guess is you weren't able to do that because there was a perceived threat right
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder what was at risk if this doesn't go well what's at stake for you. What's the perceived Fred means you really care what my opinion is really, and I don't hold. I don't think too too much value to you, do I
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of my opinion, maybe not so important, but what else could be at risk perceived threat could be going on that we would get ourselves that you might have gotten frustrated
Gabriel Lara: From you.
Gwenevere Abriel: asking you a question. So you're asking me a question. It's going to get really convoluted fast so Gabriel why
Gabriel Lara: I'm reiterating your question, to make sure that I'm getting everything and then he throwing something up for me like
Gabriel Lara: You know, you're making me feel like you're making if you
Gabriel Lara: Wouldn't. But how do you know you're making
Gwenevere Abriel: A little I know for sure. I don't make you feel anything. So you have every right to it, hold on to it just getting really clear I'm wanting to know
Gwenevere Abriel: What perceived threat happened in here may not have been here. I don't know. Maybe it was here before we even long dog together. That's an open ended question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't already have my mind made up about it. So I don't know what the answer is. You're asking me. So what perceived threat to sit with it a little longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: May have existed in our conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe even before we logged on possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: Did frustration, just go out further
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no wrong answer except asking another question is what is happening to you. That's the interesting stuff not my opinion about and it's your next reaction, your body's response. Your next feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: When I met with you this morning where you already in a feeling. Do you know if you already had something going on before we even met. Do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think that was maybe you know definitively
Gwenevere Abriel: Gabriel, I can sit with people being even angry with me frustrated. All of those things I do it all day. It's okay. We're going to get past it. We've been in these before. And you know how you end up feeling at the end.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, what do you know we get there, we get through it. Instead of much like what oftentimes happens in people's lives is they get stuck in that and they don't get to see it all the way through to a happy comfortable calm body and feeling good. Again, I have faith will get through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have every right to whatever you're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're not the same as telling a story. And that's all I'm getting out right now is just you know how you felt before you even came in here today. You already feeling something
Gabriel Lara: Wake up a little later.
Gabriel Lara: And I didn't get what
Gabriel Lara: I was gonna miss on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Now that thought I might miss the meeting. Now what feeling like I can picture something I'd rather hear from you thought I might miss it.
Gabriel Lara: Just upsetting.
Gabriel Lara: Me good. That was excellent. Getting sweeping
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, my
Gabriel Lara: My body does is we, again, we won't let them sleep at night. Once I'm dozing off.
Gabriel Lara: Me awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awake, or have you ever done this, where you fall asleep so fast so hard that it wakes you up. Is it that one.
Gabriel Lara: No cuz it's
Gabriel Lara: A little while to get me to sleep.
Gabriel Lara: So finally started building off of my body. What is like like my leg will suddenly just Joel
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gabriel Lara: Happens when I'm
Gabriel Lara: Nervous, and I was nervous about missing the meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's a feeling word. And I'll tell you. Can I make a guess about why and you say, yeah, that's it, or you can clarify.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. OK. So my guess is
Gwenevere Abriel: There was this clear definitive bridging to this appointment and medication was attached to it. Do you think that's part of it. Like if I missed this meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be another delay or there might be a delay of even some hours of the medication and is it was it somewhere in that space.
Gabriel Lara: Whoa, I just remember, you know how I got chewed out a little bit for missing the last one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, are you being chewed out right now. Is this what chewed out is
Gabriel Lara: No, no.
Gabriel Lara: I was told that
Gabriel Lara: That I wasn't like a no call no show. And now I had to do that assessment online. Then I had that in my mind over time that I forgot that the meeting was Thursday. So when I came in on Friday.
Gabriel Lara: I was surprised to see
Gabriel Lara: The whole time I was just like,
Gabriel Lara: I didn't think it would be that big of a deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, this is this is a was a surprise to you that there is
Gwenevere Abriel: An effect to missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not canceling within 24 hours that does surprise you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay and and it and it caused a connection to today's meeting. Like, what if I missed this one and there was nervousness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now there's frustration in here.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Now how often
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you get to name things in real time not waiting three days later, or after a big round or holding it in for days, weeks, even months, how, how often do you get to genuinely in the moment, talk to someone about how you're feeling and they don't freak out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's why these are important and Gabriel. Let me tell you something, you kept but just now. I bet there were big parts of the you wanted to flipped me the bird and run off the screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Okay, but you didn't you hung in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are the moments where you are rewiring the brain so that you really get you can hold on to your truth. You were nervous. There was a lot at stake when she chooses me out, what if, what if I miss this meeting. There's medication, there's this dynamic. There's a lot at stake.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's real that really happened to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how will you meet it talking directly to someone. These are hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you did outstanding you hung in there for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just notice what parts stressed out now like that tension and got chest john shoulders back, all those things and it as today moves forward. We lighten it right, it's less like interpersonal and confrontational as it lightens up
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice your
Gwenevere Abriel: Body will register that to the body will feel safe again. Your mind will likely stop fretting your confidence that everything's gonna be okay. Miss appointment. Don't miss
Gabriel Lara: Appointment
Gwenevere Abriel: So what we can have a rupture. That's an oversimplification. But we can rupture and we can repair. We can rupture, or it could be like a misunderstanding and we can repair it some relationships. If there's trust if there's just enough, they can be repaired. If we stay in our truth. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I'm really proud of you. I guess I just wish I had pompoms right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know those are hard talking directly to someone like that about our feelings, hard, hard, hard stuff.
Gabriel Lara: I need to practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I'm actually a safe person to do it with because I'll hold my own right, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Walk over me, but I also notice that I don't spend a lot of time talking about this. I didn't talk about my feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not getting into my stuff I'm continuing to focus on what did you use right what skills. Did you use just now and we'll get more into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the perception was an interpretation didn't work. Was it you know what other that it's all for you. It just may not have felt like that up front.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard stuff. Most people can't can handle what you just did okay you kicked butt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take pride in that
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so getting more and more into the breath is way as we review your goals that has worked for you before getting back into the grounding that that perfection of solid body just that breath that I'm okay, kind of in that belly breathing to go in there as as I review.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm looking at another objective.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the same goal. I want to eliminate my addiction to drugs and alcohol but
Gwenevere Abriel: The objective itself is something that that i right you guys say your goals and then I kind of come up with some sort of way to get you there through an objective. A tasks that I want you guys to do
Gwenevere Abriel: And this one has to do with developing a relapse prevention plan over the next few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: The reality is, this is developing, like if you're with me all year. However long, it's I'm always dropping little things in all along the way. So it's pretty continuous at this point what I have for relapse prevention plan so far is let me get to it here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have the identification of emotional triggers. The first one is really good mood around payday since I like
Gwenevere Abriel: Since since like age 15 took my first drink it made it more fun. So there's some acknowledgement. This is probably really early on in our discussions probably had to do with an emotional trigger is
Gwenevere Abriel: Money like payday. Oh, I want to feel good. I want to drink. Does that sound like kind of, yeah. Okay, so that was one
Gwenevere Abriel: So you would want to keep your eye out for that coming up again because that could be a trigger for for future use. So we want to keep an eye on that one. Something else you said in emotional trigger I told myself I remember this one too.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it was where you were going to have a family picnic. Maybe I told myself don't get beers. Yet, if you get some now. By the time the fight was that you guys would have a gathering with a fight right cable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, pretty good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. By the time the fight starts this was your self talk, you'll need more beer than the fight started then the self talk, I might miss the fight. If I go to the store. So we got to recognize some of that.
Gabriel Lara: You remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, me too. That's why I like because I kind of grab them and plop them in there and it can bring us back into time in history and
Gwenevere Abriel: We can review how you've changed or maybe how the the sequence of your thinking your feelings, your beliefs may may change over time so emotional trigger also under that category. I can't. I think this is a self talk. I can't today because I circled the date already has a great day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I already didn't do it. I was really
Gwenevere Abriel: Little hack, you did in your head, your head. That was cute like that. So I don't have a lot of relationship trigger written down in here. I do have one I have when fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: In relationship with Ashley, so I can deal with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's a big one, that's probably something that, well, I don't know how you're doing around that one. These days, but I'm going to want to check in on how that relationship is doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so events and situations that have been triggers. I have. I like conversation. I like giving advice and receiving advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how why I decided to put that there. Well this one's a real clear one I am bored and need to get my mind off of it. That would be a situation right boredom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might even put that one up and emotional trigger. It's kind of hard to say. I don't know. I don't. Do you remember what this this statement. I like conversation. I like giving advice and receiving advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has that ever been with substance use, or drinking
Gabriel Lara: I want to say yes. And oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't know what that one is. I'm going to leave it there just for further exploration some healthy coping skills. I've got some notes under this one I've got
Gwenevere Abriel: I told myself don't get beers yet, right, if you go get them. Now you will end up drinking all and need more. So that was a way you I think you were trying to moderate your drinking at that point you were trying to see if you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Be a social drinker. It sounds. That's a pretty common one for people that haven't are in what's called a pre contemplation contemplation stage of change still hoping I want to be a social drinker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come on this, you know, there's this hope. Okay, it looks like. That was kind of embedded in some of that thought. Let me see. I carried that for a while when fight started self talk of. You can't go now, because you will miss the event that was that was that other thing with the fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: pay per view fight, I think. Alright so healthy coping skill, you've got, I need something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will take a huge gulf of Gatorade or Pellegrino water and Burke loudly reminds me of a beer. So you create this mimicking sensation. I think of what a beer does um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see frequency of thoughts at that time, two or three times a day, usually in the evening at 730 and you're thinking at the time. Drink would be nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the thought. I have had for many years I end up needing some water. I'm dehydrated. So when you check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like your first thought is, drink a beer would be nice, right, a drink.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when you check in further turns out you are dehydrated. So, remembering that has been useful to you what I really need is something to do something else. You said I'm dehydrated. I need something to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You've also said, biking, the scooter and meditation and meditation is very different for different people. Some people are including that diet fanatic belly breathing that I taught or I changed the name because I don't want the belly part to be forgotten. So I was calling a box breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now going belly ready to know and forgets that you've got to have that
Gwenevere Abriel: That expanding belly, because not aneurysm of change, but you know I Gabriel. I don't have anyone here.
Gwenevere Abriel: For people I can text call email reach out to if I just want to feel connected to someone when I am starting to have some of these things. These thoughts of wanting to use. Is there anyone that you think you could safely comfortably reach out to
Gabriel Lara: Maybe my mom, but I don't think that's a good don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, but maybe it's about this is this is sort of this
Gwenevere Abriel: This moment in time for you, whereas there's a new settling in of who will I surround myself with who will be in my group will I bring these party folks will it just be an to be an Ashley.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you starting even to notice people that look like you could trust them, they're trustworthy and that'd be kind of cool to get to know. I mean, keeping your eye out for people
Gabriel Lara: I haven't been legal but that's something that interests me.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right in this space. What is often used for people useful for people is staying really clear about
Gwenevere Abriel: What a healthy boundary is what it's an unhealthy boundary. And a lot of times they're learning those they didn't learn and maybe in childhood oftentimes parents don't teach this stuff and so they learn it in therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So keeping an eye out for, let's say you catch yourself liking who you are. Maybe in a moment with Ashley, maybe in a moment with someone in group. Maybe you like yourself in a moment. Maybe you'll catch it in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you remember it, and you're logging in that long term sort of stacked up ledger of man. I kind of like feeling that way. And then when you feel it with someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's at a gym I know everything's like
Gwenevere Abriel: On hold right now, but you get the idea. Maybe if I take this sort of martial arts class. We're at a gym or I take maybe I meet someone while I'm working. And I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, I feel this. Feels good. Feels good about who I am. This guy's kind of got got me on the sense of humor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And seem strong but not not overbearing you know whatever it is that you like kind of being around what feels good, then you might consider saying, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we can connect on a social level because you guys, unlike my role, I can't have any dual I can't have any dual relationships. Right. It's always just therapist client evermore never, never to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but most professions, there's this like little overlap. Oh, I met him in school and then we hung out. We met him at work. And now we have
Gwenevere Abriel: We play golf together. So there's this nice overlap. So just, I would invite you to just start to look around. When do I like how I'm feeling who my around. What am I doing just start kind of looking around with this, the social groups that are around you see
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep track of it. Just a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I have also nothing under self soothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So self soothing slash self care.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I've spent some time with you on this sort of encouraging and championing cheerleading and trying to get you to do some stuff that feels good, just for you. That feels like it fuels the soul replenishes energy
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, it can be literally as simple as lotion and grabbing my feet or you might say, you know, Ashley. Let's give each other a background or something like that. That just just feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do you do any of those things, or even as I'm saying are you thinking, Yeah, I started doing these things that field. They're just for me feel good. I don't have to justify them to anybody. It just, they just so good for me.
Gabriel Lara: I look I listened to.
Gabriel Lara: Like a lot of podcasts. Does that make sense.
Gabriel Lara: So that's kind of hear other people's perspective on things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things and so when you're in that state of just sort of listening. Does it feel like all of the worry some any kind of negative thinking is just sort of not there. You're really immersed in what you're listening to. And you're interested
Gabriel Lara: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. And that's, that's a good one. So, remembering that if you start to have, you know, how you were saying there was some upset and nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: About some another one. And you're frustrated, like any of those feelings that might be a good one, though I worry about the backlighting that blue light thing with our screen time when we're trying to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: One might be a little, I don't know, maybe this isn't what's going to just stop you from falling asleep but
Gwenevere Abriel: This might be a way for you to, you know, I'm just going to turn the light on and I'm going to just watch a podcast. Everything's gonna be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have had some misunderstandings with bright heart health, with one of your with the doc or something and it worked out. It ended up working out. Okay, I will be okay. You know, that's what I was talking about earlier about that threat response. It can seem in the moment, very light unsettling.
Gwenevere Abriel: But remembering you have had history with everything turned out okay just had to hang in there for it. All right.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we've got I touched on those two you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: One fear, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be a better husband. Last time I wrote a little note on that was
Gwenevere Abriel: Client describing life demonstrates effort to control his friendships money and his worst fear is she will keep his son away from him. If they separate.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so now I'm at was months ago and I imagine there's been different sort of ups and downs and things along the way, how are things right now around your assessment of you as a husband.
Gabriel Lara: I think I'm doing okay I'm I'm better than I was.
Gabriel Lara: You know, I'm a little more calm. I don't jump to conclusions I don't I'm
Gabriel Lara: Gonna try to see things from another perspective, like my mouth shut. A little more instead of trying to fight back on things.
Gabriel Lara: I feel like that's where you know
Gabriel Lara: The biggest said that I don't like. I just don't acknowledge it and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: My clients doing the thing that we did right in the beginning.
Like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't get a chance to see it through to say
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling this around what you just said. I like to not feel like this. So let's keep seeing if maybe I it was my misinterpretation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or like, what's your intent behind why you're saying it. And so, yeah, as your therapist, I worry because I don't want any of my clients feeling like their thoughts, beliefs and preferences are secondary
Gwenevere Abriel: To someone else's. They're not less, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is different. So watch the difference. I keep my mouth shut.
Gwenevere Abriel: If someone says something. I don't like right I try not to what I try not to say anything. Is that what you're doing currently
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, let's do anything at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's the difference between something that might not
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't quite tell what this is doing to you, but typically in psychology that energy that longing to be known understood and feel accepted loved like all of those
Gwenevere Abriel: If we don't like continue to invest in those through each day each time. We're talking with like for you. It's like, It's Ashley.
Gwenevere Abriel: You build up resentment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Or or we get ourselves physically sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, it's no joke that connection between the mind and body, it's very powerful we give ourselves these sort of like maybe a kidney stone or we give ourselves these sort of, you know, gastrointestinal problems, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I guess what I wonder is this. What's the difference between watch this in my left hand is I just shut up versus
Gwenevere Abriel: I think through, do I really care like nine or 10 out of 10 about my point. My need
Gwenevere Abriel: My feelings which is because we all do we think it through this just carte blanche, no matter what this one of my left hand is just, it's black and white. It's just, oh hey what she's saying, God, I can't say anything to lead to a fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then nothing, said I'm exaggerating, obviously. So that's on my left hand, but on the right hand is discretion, which means
Gwenevere Abriel: Deliberately saying I have a right to say something. But I'm thinking about, like, you think it through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is what she just said, I was just. She's just being petty in this ain't worth the fight. And frankly, I already know. She doesn't actually believe what she's saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: What she does counts more, and you know, I feel like dealing with this and this ain't nothing but a thing. In other words, you thought it through and you also sometimes decide that one, that one, I want to check on you know I have a right to say something I want to say something, huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What this really hits a core conviction and value doesn't match mine. I want to check in Ashley with how you really feel. So the difference is I think something through my right hand. And this one is I have no right to speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one has discretion. I have a right to speak. I taught. I walked it through the cause effect in my mind and like this one. Why bother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me really not that big a deal to me you know that one. But then there's one three days later. Now, this one, this one man, I feel, oh my chest, my back. I'm all tight like I feel really strongly about what just happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to share this one right and this one you you present like you have no right to speak right hand I have a right to speak, but I'm using
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of discretion around it like I'm thinking it through is a really don't really care that much. Yeah. And then it will eat away at the self at, you know what I'm trying to say the difference
Gabriel Lara: That we did. I probably wouldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok ok ok so honest with yourself, which is it more often, you know, you have a right to speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then Gabriel, it becomes, then, then it's just skills of like wordplay. You know, like, I'll have some phrases that I throw out that I use a lot and I want my clients to help them to I just looked at as like a skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a user, I'm not using that's up to you but it's right around that I have a right to my own opinion, even if I'm wrong, like I was way off base.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have a right to check it out. You don't lose that right, just because someone's gets so angry and goes over the top right still happen. You don't lose that right to your opinion and to your feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one do you tend to be the one that just honors the fact that your opinion prefacing preferences and things have just as much right
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is it up.
Gabriel Lara: I think
Gabriel Lara: A combination of both, but more of your left hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do get the privilege of seeing a little bit in our dynamic too because there's, it's an interesting thing. I think someone else might see it as
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maybe argumentative or something, but I don't see it like that. I see it more like you deprive yourself, day after day after day of speaking
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay quiet. I'm not saying anything. I'm not gonna say anything and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Not again comes up, maybe something like that well. Not now. Not this time. I've had it. And then there's this sort of building up of pressure. And that's what I wonder if that's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know why not be
Gabriel Lara: I think that's a lot of what happens. Yeah.
Gabriel Lara: I think could happen like that that way for a lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's normal. It's very common, but we have to, we're not really saying, Well, is it normal common okay we'll work past that maybe a deeper question is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it adaptive to you. Is it helping you emotionally, psychologically, physically in your career and your marriage and your family, you know, is it an adaptive. That's a deeper question.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's working for you by then you'll keep doing it. If not, may want to kind of check in on different ways to approach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your right
To do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not an easy thing because I already know there's this this threat of
Gwenevere Abriel: Anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and taking your things away this interesting thing, put a pin on that for a minute because we've we've gone into that several times, but I'm just going to kind of make a couple notes here in in goals so I I stay focused.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will attend individual therapy bi weekly okay so we got one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So actually I don't want to move from this, this seems pretty important. I want to be a better husband, so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's better husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: Measured by the frequency of fighting. I can't quite tell how you're measuring yourself.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you're the cause of the fighting.
Gabriel Lara: It can be a little bit of both.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, I hear more about how you measure, I'm assuming, well let's just say better husband. How else are you measuring yourself as better husband, aside from holding back
Gabriel Lara: That that's about it. That's how I react to certain things.
Gabriel Lara: Tolerating certain things, remembering that not everyone is perfect.
Gabriel Lara: Not accept that flaws, whether it be
Gabriel Lara: A short fuse.
Gabriel Lara: Personality
Gwenevere Abriel: Balancing
Yeah, boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's really just that piece. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you're measuring. I'm a better husband, if I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Other issues are I think tolerating people's imperfection.
Gabriel Lara: That too. And I'm less argumentative and more supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Angry
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about support. Um, how might that show up because supports just a word.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is how is that behavior lives. Like, how will you know whether you're being what you're calling better husband i've been i've been more supportive this week. This day this month. This year I will, you know, what we believe, seeing what someone else see
Gabriel Lara: Being like more supportive
Gabriel Lara: People like allergies.
Gabriel Lara: And not jump to conclusion.
Gabriel Lara: You know them.
Gabriel Lara: Like trying to attack me family comes
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, I didn't quite hear that. So I'm trying to see. So if someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: The picture. She's in the room. Ashley's
Gwenevere Abriel: How if someone was watching a video of you to, how would they know you are being supported, what would they see you doing or not doing
Gwenevere Abriel: This is something you would say
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I got the don't jump to conclusion I got that part as there's some other part of
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, oh, goodness, I'm so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: My god. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, well, why don't you write down how this might be kind of cool. Write down
Gwenevere Abriel: And do what you just did, or text me whatever works for you. The ways that you can show support.
Gabriel Lara: ways I can show support.
Gabriel Lara: Well, cuz I can
Gabriel Lara: I can
Gabriel Lara: I can show. So, for
Gabriel Lara: Maybe hoping
Gwenevere Abriel: That feel does your body kind of say, yeah, that that would constitute better husband behavior and your world.
Gabriel Lara: That is, don't, don't know what else I can do.
Gabriel Lara: Because I feel like I'm you know when it comes to like taking care of the baby. I do pretty much as much as I can. I'm feeling in my change and
Gabriel Lara: Do a lot for him. I think that's pretty supportive
Gabriel Lara: have invested financially relationship, you know, I can show you the good part of
Gabriel Lara: What we need
Gabriel Lara: Everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is what I heard, I heard
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you showed me that. So I'm going to interpret supportive means I don't jump to conclusions I can listen. Can I get that right. That's what this I can listen
Gwenevere Abriel: All around the house smart and
Gwenevere Abriel: Those would constitute sort of being more supportive and we've covered the, the less angry part has to do with accepting people aren't perfect.
Gabriel Lara: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had a chance to do it in vivo right now because you suspect that she's listening and you probably have an emotional reaction to that in a preference. Don't you
Gabriel Lara: Yes.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can either
Gwenevere Abriel: Address it talk with her about it, share it in some way, because maybe it's striking a really core piece for you. Or maybe it's around trust don't know. Or maybe it's one of those little ones like you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my, Ashley she tends to be insecure kind of worries that I'm tripping or
Gwenevere Abriel: Cheating flirting, right, because that's her right part for history. So that's probably ALL THAT WAS AND YOU KNOW WHAT AM JUST GO AROUND around in circles. Ain't nothing and change. So you might decide it isn't worth it or you might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: To yourself it's worth it to me because I, I need to trust. I want to be trusted. So, only you know where that line is
Gwenevere Abriel: Alrighty then. Now just curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: As we near the end of the session. Are you comfortable enough talking about how you're feeling now kind of member. He said, how we might start here really oh boy got a lot going on. And then I was kind of predicting thinking there might be a settling in the heart rate.
Gwenevere Abriel: The breathing the mindset. How has it changed from how it was really are to now.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, I'm definitely more mellow now than it was when they gave me
Gabriel Lara: And I both start believing these things. And I know that I'm not crazy. I believe that I'm right.
Gabriel Lara: Then, you know. So then I have to be right and then they come in here and then you know you tell me things that
Kind of
Gabriel Lara: go against what I was thinking. And I don't
Gabriel Lara: Know how you do that every time.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, no, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we all do these things, Gabriel right
Gwenevere Abriel: I do them to everybody doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess what I'm encouraging is to pay attention to what you did that got you to this calm state. Now I can see what I did like all the writing a note, nobody like you know I did this and I did this now but important person here at you. What did I do, huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had to choose just enough curiosity over being right. I hadn't done that one's probably familiar. I had to accept.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, maybe I miss understood. You had to have just enough maybe to get past
Gwenevere Abriel: The I'm right. I feel right. I heard what I heard. I'm not crazy how to get past that, which is probably something you have to sit with a lot like I will not go crazy. I heard what I heard you're not going to tell me I didn't hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I definitely don't want you to feel crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: What I do is I slow way down. And remember, I just, I wouldn't move I zeroed in right here. I wouldn't go here, I just
Gwenevere Abriel: It was right here, this little phrase. This is where it got ruptured. And so I kept bring us back to it and it's uncomfortable. It's like, well, I was right about I heard what I heard. Because then
Gwenevere Abriel: If we if we say, well, this, this part was awful. But then I did these three other things after it. That means I have to put into question these three things I did after it, and no ego right self doesn't want to look at that. That's too many back to back off.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, I have like hypothesis about why these things happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: But ultimately you you did something you did. You did something really important. And I'm suspecting
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a scale that was tipped around, I have to be right, something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Moved up in importance above, I have to be right. You know what that was.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might want to take that turtle. Give it some think because I see you writing. I wonder if journaling could be a part of kind of how you
Gwenevere Abriel: Really marinating sit with some of these challenges that are kind of going on in your head. These conflicts. Like, how can I feel so right and then she ends up flipping things around on me. By the end, how does this happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you did do some things to make it possible for us to continue to talk and talk it through. He did. I didn't do it. It's not have any magic.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did something
Gwenevere Abriel: So my invitations to kind of do some reflection on that maybe what you notice that you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that moment to value something more than being right. What was it, what value did you put above being right long enough for you and I to persevere to get through to get clear to communicate.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be maybe a little spending time on journaling and reflecting on are you open to that.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah, no, I just thought maybe
Gabriel Lara: Maybe I'm wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think you were wrong. I think you heard exactly what you heard
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the thing. I won't be going to wrong. I won't be saying, well then suck. Because guess what if that means that I'm right. Then somebody has to be wrong. What if we just get rid of that language all together and we just choose curiosity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over what if we stop seeking trying to be right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if we just sort of change that language and just say, I want to understand more of what, how could this be that we have this this confusion, you know, because we can hang in the conversation longer if we're not offended for not angry. We can hang in there for a little longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I heard what you you came up with was, well, maybe she's right. Or maybe I'm wrong, that you were able to hold that thought. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Forget I'm going to message, your doctor right now and I'm going to say he's you. Do you need anything, I don't do much beyond so and so attended, but if you want me to say anything about your support medicine that maybe needs to be ordered to say anything about anything but
Gabriel Lara: I have enough for today. I'll just name my dose for tomorrow.
Gabriel Lara: Just want to let them know
Gabriel Lara: until Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll let him. Let him do his deal. I'm just going to say that you are here.
Say attended
Gwenevere Abriel: This individual counseling. Now I'm just curious. Um, oh let's schedule another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you don't you don't need any other because he could order it. I'm guessing today if you want him to order a gamma pen or a quantity or something. I could write it for you. Okay, he's out of this or that.
Gabriel Lara: I don't know if I was going to get some more.
Gabriel Lara: gabapentin I have some Clonidine what i don't know i think i have a reset. One more. We feel for the gabapentin at the pharmacy. I just, um, maybe you can mention to him that I need it. Was he can just bridge mean to be a theme that I can think of today for tomorrow and tomorrow afternoon.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's what that's what this means he knows what why I'm bothering to say he's here.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You knows what's up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even have to say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I will say that you don't you have a dose for today. And that's it.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah.
Gabriel Lara: Yeah. But yeah, I have enough quantity
Gabriel Lara: But just I think I have one more gabapentin resell then I'll bring it to the ascension tomorrow that if if he can send me some more cuz they only gives me seven at a time. So he doesn't want me taking them very often. So I usually don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so our next individual let's just see what we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Go here. How about for you would
Gwenevere Abriel: 10am on on Wednesday, April 22 work.
Gabriel Lara: I would like to do, if I can do a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gabriel Lara: I think I think this would be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh sooner meeting earlier in the morning or
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as the morning
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. Okay. So, okay, we'll see. We'll go to
Gabriel Lara: Works better than my lunch. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. So right now, April 23 at seven could work on their own hour so yeah I I wish I could say something like 730 just to give you that half, half, half hour but everybody's on that our line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got to April 23. Just make sure you get in there by 645 because I've got that our has a couple of on call people in case there's a no no show no call kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That gives me time to reach out to them last minute because they are getting up early, they're checking in with me to say, hey, can I need
Gwenevere Abriel: So that would give me all right. My next client just came in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm excited. We've got something in place. Nice early morning hour where you and I noticed today to I had your full attention. That was nice. Right. No you weren't distracted and having your attention pulled away. I think this will be more effective. I like this this timing.
Gabriel Lara: You know, once I get back to work. I won't, I won't
Gabriel Lara: Like work wouldn't have not started yet. You know, I still like wanted to write to have an hour before happy to work.
Gabriel Lara: So it works great.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh no. So I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I just hit send. Dr element has your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your message so he knows you are here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You worked very hard today.
Gabriel Lara: Thank you. Good.
Gabriel Lara: Luck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, James.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: James. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, cool. Um, HANG UP IF YOU COULD I HAVE TO HANG OUT TO I have to keep my zoom session separate and this one's still in all connected to my prior clients. So let's both leave and come right back.
TCL A501DL: All right, of course. I got you.
Cool.